INFO 2950 Project Phase I
Name/NetID: Savannah Jeffries slj82

---

Github: https://github.com/slj82/INFO-2950-Project

Ideas:

1) My first idea is to analyze what aspects of a work environment contribute to stress in employees. The following data set, including variables such as ability to work from home, seniority level of employees, etc would be useful and there are other data sets with similar information that I could combine:

https://www.kaggle.com/blurredmachine/are-your-employees-burning-out?select=test.csv

2) My next idea is to analyze which aspects of an individual's microbiome and/or cardiac physiology affects their mental health and how it affects it. I can get access to a data set from my human development profesor with this information. 

3) My second idea is to examine what factors can lead to the development of an eating disorder by examining data such as strength of relationships, family status, weight, school performance, degree of stress, etc. For something like this, I would use a data set that involves people's ratings of their stress, strength of relationships etc on a scale of 5, 10, etc. I have not been able to find a data set with all of this information, so I would likely need to combine data sets if possible for this idea.

4) My third idea is to examine where people fall on the political spectrum and its affect on mental health, levels of stress, and physical health. This would not only be measuring any differences in left vs. right but also in extremist vs. moderate. I have not been able to find a data set with all of this information, so I would likely need to combine data sets if possible for this idea.

Questions for reviewers:
 - How many variables should I be analyzing looking for correlations between? I am trying to formulate my ideas in a way that will make them realistic to analyze with a clear research question but not sure if these are realistic.

-Are these too obvious of questions to ask/connections to make?

-Since we have not learned how to combine data sets, I don't know how realistic it is to find combinable data sets for my ideas. 